You can tell a lot about a person's life
based on what they buy at the market.
Who's having a big party,
or a lonely one.
Who's on a diet,
or who's about to have a special day.
I notice all these things.
It's gonna be... forty dollars.
Hey James!
I'm gonna take my fifteen,
can you cover the rest of my line?
-Oh yeah yeah, sure sure.
-Thanks.
Hi.
Hi!
Thank you, Lynn.
-Have a nice day!
-You too.
Oh, so that's how you got my name.
No, well, we're required to say
"Thank You" to the customers by name.
Mm-hmm.
Really, it's suppose to make
your shopping experience more personal.
Well, you certainly made
my shopping experience...
personal, these last few weeks.
Hey, I'm just,
helping a customer to her car.
And always taking an extra
ten-minute break on the clock.
You park really, really far.
(chuckles)
So, what did my items tell you about me?
I sort of figured, um,
you and your boyfriend...
I mean, you started,
buying all these frozen dinners and,
that usually means...
Argh...
Uh, I'm uh...
I'm–I'm sorry I wasn't,
trying to be a creep about it.
I–I promise.
No it's okay.
That's just interesting
to hear how I come off
to someone who doesn't know me.
Is it weird if I, feel like I do know you?
There's still a lot you don't.
Yeah well I feel like these,
talks we have every so often,
might change that.
Um, thank you for your help.
-Yeah yeah, of course.
-I should probably get going so...
you don't get fired.
See you next time.
Yeah.
Hello.
Would you like some help to your car?
-Since, your wrist?
-Um, I think I'll be okay.
You sure? You got, all these drinks,
you don't want to risk it.
Alright, thank you.
Yeah, I messed up my wrist last year.
Doing this human pyramid.
Totally worth it though,
we had like, five levels going.
First time snowboarding for me.
-Ouch!
-Yeah.
I'm James, by the way.
Lynn.
Okay, so what's the coolest place
you've ever heard of?
There's these caves in Mexico,
that are so deep they have, like,
clouds in them.
-Wow.
-Yeah.
You should go see them.
I don't know, I–
I have to work and,
it's pretty difficult to get to.
That's exactly why I would go.
No, you don't understand. I got–
No, there's so much to see out there.
Would you want to go with me?
Um,
maybe.
All I'm saying is,
we don't need groceries to be
the only reason to see each other.
Right?
Are you... asking me out?
Yea because,
you know, I like you.
I... like you, too.
I do...
but I don't really feel ready yet.
Hey James.
Oh hey, Lynn. What's up?
Almost done here.
I think I'm gonna leave.
Okay, I can ring you up.
I mean I'm moving away.
What?
Where?
Wait, why?
Yea, I don't know where yet.
I just know I need to get out of the city.
How come?
Is everything okay?
Yeah.
Um, it's just...
when you told a few weeks ago
that you liked me, I realized something.
You're not ready.
That's totally fine.
I didn't mean to freak you out.
No, I know.
I want to be ready...
I thought I would be by now but that's,
not gonna happen if I stay here.
There's too much that reminds me of him.
Well,
moving away won't...
change that, wherever you go,
your memories go with you.
Yeah, I know.
That's why they call it baggage because,
you carry it with you wherever you go!
You don't understand.
It's not just baggage. I can handle that.
This is just a feeling I need to follow.
How is, running away
from your problems going to solve that?
That's taking the easy way out.
You're right, James.
I'm weak because I run.
Yeah!
Yeah, I should be more like you. Just...
stay exactly where I am,
Register 3.
You don't know anything about me.
Sure.
But, you bag a few frozen dinners and,
help me to my car a few times
and assume you have me all figured out?
Everyone comes here looking for...
something,
but that doesn't mean
they always find what they need.
I don't know where she went but,
That was last time she came to the market.
Oh hey, James!
-Yeah?
-You got a package.
What?
Yeah, it was really weird. They, um,
sent to the store but
your name was on it. Um...
oh here it is.
"Hi James.
Let me start by saying, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry our last conversation
ended the way it did.
I was disappointed in myself
and frustrated.
I never meant to hurt you with my words.
I hope you know that.
I know I disappeared
without resolving things.
Like I said, I just had to leave.
But, I didn't know where.
So I just...
went.
And over the last few months,
I found myself in some of the most
amazing places I never thought I'd see.
And I wanted to share them with you.
The red sand is from the Grand Canyon.
The moss is from
an incredible waterfall in Oregon.
I packed some snow
from a glacier in Canada,
but it's probably water now.
Oh!
And the bottle that looks empty,
that one's my favorite.
It's actually some of the cloud from
that cave in Mexico you told me about.
It was beautiful!
James, I need you to do something for me.
I need you to return all these things
to where they came from.
I know it sounds crazy
and I know all your reasons
not to go, but I promise...
this can far more
than just a box of bottles if you let it.
You gave me a friendship during...
a very difficult time,
and this is my way of saying...
Thanks.
I don't know when or where
we'll see each other again.
All I know is, when we do,
we'll both have grown in ways
we never expected.
And that's an adventure worth taking,
don't you think?"
Thanks for watching, guys!
I hope you liked that little adventure
that we took you on.
And also thanks to Vitasoy,
for making this happen.
We've been wanting to tell this story
for a while and it was really great
to partner with them.
And this was especially nice because,
I remember growing up with this,
I used to drink Vitasoy
when I was a little kid and,
I still do, so it was kinda nice
to have it come full circle like that.
Well, we hope you guys enjoyed it,
subscribe for more short films and,
-we'll see you guys next time!
-Thanks!
Wes is my boyfriend,
-Wes is my boyfriend.
-Julie is my girlfriend.
-Damn, and then he dumps me and I cry.
-No no no, no no-
I'm more chill today,
I'm wearing a T-shirt instead.
-It looked like you got demoted,
-Yeah.
-from yesterday.
-It sucks man.
-It's because you keep-
-I know!
-taking these long breaks. Yeah.
-I keep hanging out with this girl.
She's like, forcing me
to carry her groceries to her car.
I know, they got cameras. You don't think
they don't see you just like-
See that's why,
you're leaking this information!